what's good everybody is your girl
Joanne gray and I'm back today with
another wig review and today's wig is
from the euro collection we're back at
your old collection salon style number
nine this way it comes in a tricolor it
is a 1 B burgundy 144 which is burgundy
and blonde mix the interesting thing
about this week is the way that they
have the color situated and it's just
along the front edge of the wig the
edging or fringe of the wig is where the
burgundy and 144 are the rest of the wig
is off black so this is her this is the
left side of my face you got these
little curly fringes in the back that
hug your neck as well you can straighten
these out can be straightened out I
choose to have it around life
like that look in the back of the way
nicely tapered nice asleep in the back
and again you have the curls that hose
the side of your neck this is the right
side of the wig you see the fringe with
the burgundy and blonde mix okay and
again the hair can smooth along the side
but I choose to keep it curly along the
sides of my neck now this week comes out
of the pack kind of square shaped so I
wanted to show you that this wig has
potential you can click below for the
picture of the wig and hopefully a
location where you can purchase this
week I did get this way from the beauty
supply store it's under thirty dollars
is there is very nice wig I think it's a
cute wig but you do have to work with it
I did not have to cut the wig but when
you put it on its boxy boxy at the top
but just know that you have to take the
wig and just position the hairs you have
to pull some back and you have to pull
some forward but you look at yourself in
the mirror and determine what's going to
work for you your face your head shape
because the way the way it comes may
look perfectly you know may look nice on
you the way the model that I found
online is rocking this week is the way
it originally comes out the pack with
just a few little manipulations of the
curls but pretty much the hair is all it
all comes forward you got the black that
mixes in with the burgundy and blonde
and that's just the way it is but you
can turn these curls and move this hair
back and position it in such a way that
it frames your face nicely so let's a
get in on this wig again it is salon
style number nine this is a 1 B burgundy
144 so these waves are coming in
tricolours the one I saw at the beauty
supply store they all had they all had
tricolours there was one that had the
number 30 right in the center and then
the perimeter was a 30 and a 27 that was
the one be 27 34 the top of the wig 30
and 30 27 along the fringe on the side
and then a black base which was around
the back so you may have to talk to the
person who's selling it online to ask
about the colors if I can find it online
then the pick the color of pitchers may
be there but just know that these wigs
are coming with the front edge or front
perimeter of this wig right in the front
with a different color so I think it's a
cute wig it's affordable and I think
it'll be long lasting to the hair
quality feels good this is cankle on
Toyota yoga line fibers okay the eye
makeup that I used today was from else
the whole look is else it's from the
Beauty encyclopedia I addition this is a
sparkle I edition
and in size of sparkle I addition you
get 12 shadows you get to cream shadows
and eyeliner and an eyeliner brush the
brush has a brush on one end and a
sponge applicator on the other end I use
the turquoise purple this little pan or
topi color I used their eyelid primer
for my eyeshadow primer I used this
white cream eyeshadow for my base and
again those colors that i mentioned i
also uses green under my eye i applied
all the colors with the sponge tip of
the applicator it went on the creamy
base well the sponges collects a lot of
the color and when you just Pat it on
with those sponges and use brushes to
blend it really does turn out a lot
better than if I had tried to apply
these shadows with the brush and that's
only in you know me I'm not a makeup
artist I'm just learning how to have I
shadow go up my I've always just kept
eyeshadow right very low and didn't get
rid of detailed with it but I'm just
having fun with makeup and I really
don't want to get too deep into it so
five dollars for all these eyeshadows is
really
they came in really nice colors they're
actually duped for some of that urban
decay if you take a look at it I know
you all by those but I've seen these
colors and they really do they're highly
pigmented for five bucks can't beat it
so I want to thank you all for your time
and energy again we I was showing you
the salon style number 9 from the euro
collection the trademark is color of
your life this is a cute little wig you
do have to work with it but it is worth
the purchase so I say pick up on this
wig if you can thank you for your time
and energy and I will be back later with
another wig review god bless